docs(rulesets): reorganize chapters (#988)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/getting-started/rulesets.md

In most cases, you will want to operate on resolved document and therefore won't specify that property.
You might find `resolved` useful if your rule requires access to $refs.

### Given

> The `given` keyword is, besides `then`, the only required property on each rule definition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `given` property is one of only two on required properties on each rule definition (the other being `then`). 
```

Author: @philsturgeon Fixed
